There is no need for me to come back with this money, Mom.
With his current temper
You will only hit a wall if you go now.
What should I do if I stop stringing?
People have already come
That's a gift from him
Ah!
This one.
Wow, it looks like an expensive thing.
As expected of a rich man
Our company is saved
Mom, look at you
A gift is tens of millions
I'm afraid the price is unimaginable
So I let you hook him up
But why did you come and leave today?
I didn't bring my hands tonight because I wasn't well prepared
I will definitely take him next time.
Gu Tingchun
Could it be that I read it wrong again?
Mr. Gu, why are you here?
How are you
Help Me
Mr. Gu
Do you have a fever?
Don't talk
Help me.
Hey